Document slack channels (#1507)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/leadership/index.md

## Communication

### Slack

> - #leadership-chat is a public channel to discuss and share information that may be of general interest and is not sensitive.

Author: ```suggestion
- #leadership-chat is a public channel (not specific to this team or engineering) where anyone can discuss and share information of general interest to leadership at Sourcegraph.
```

> - #leadership-team is a private channel for members of this team to discuss sensitive topics, or topics that would be noise to people outside of the team. For anything else, prefer to use #leadership-chat.

Author: Oops, I typed the wrong name here.
```suggestion
- #eng-leadership-team is a private channel for members of this team to discuss sensitive topics, or topics that would be noise to people outside of the team. For anything else, prefer to use #leadership-chat.
```
